hey this is Anthony with RevZilla TV
where you can watch decide and ride
welcome to our brief graphic overview of
the new icon airframe pleasure-dome
graphic available at revzilla.com slash
icon now looking at the Pleasure Dome
this is icon this is what Ikon does its
unapologetic it's suggestive I love it I
love it because they take a stance they
get off the fence they say we're gonna
do it we're gonna do it all the way so
the first thing you're gonna notice when
you when you homed in on this helmet is
a lot of detail went into it a lot of
thought and it's kind of sexy so we look
at the front on you have your lovely
ladies moving in what you're not gonna
see in some of the pictures on our
website where it's hard to notice is
that you have these kissy lips of these
kiss marks these lipstick marks that
have a reflective sparkling quality to
that paint so there's an illustrative
quality in the main graphics here with
the skull and the cleavage but then any
of these kisses you're gonna see this
pattern here they're gonna have
reflectivity moving this sides the same
graphic on both sides so you have your
lovely ladies and as we move over to the
back you're gonna notice that we have
our almost Batman ask to face style
James Bond character who's all kissed up
to apparently he is the kissy lips
Wrangler moving up to the top of this
helmet you're gonna notice that we have
more of the lip graphic and it kind of
goes into an explosion here into the
front up along the brow line now one of
the other things I want to call out here
this helmet comes with the mirrored
silver face shield you're looking north
in the 300 range close to 400 bucks it's
a big investment but this is the icon
airframe I remember watch our full
detailed breakdown when we walked
through the airframe start to finish
this is the top end helmet from Ikon it
actually flows the most amount of air
intermediate oval head shape it's gonna
fit most guys be very very comfortable
and it comes with this reflective shield
and we left the cling on it here if you
peel it off there's not another con logo
it's just silver reflective now if we
move it upside down you're gonna see the
bottom the bottom of this helmet uses
the hydrogel liner it matches with the
color scheme one of the cool things
you're gonna miss also in the pictures
on a website is that it's almost this
leopard print along the bottom or long
this coping and the winglets of the
helmet it's just really cool it ties in
it's a mixture of illustration with some
sparkle or reflective graphic here on
the helmet and you have the finishing
touches which you know what icon they
just do it really well they go the fold
full
they don't go halfway no apologies for
this helmet if it's your style you're
gonna immediately gravitate towards it
if it is your style we want to hear what
you think if you're seeing it for the
first time you're currently riding it
leave us your feedback on our YouTube
page love it or hate it on Facebook on
the product page at revzilla.com we want
to know what you think and if you need
any help with choosing an icon helmet
within the line or comparing it to any
other helmets call our gear experts we
all ride here eight seven seven seven
nine two nine four five five or CS at
revzilla.com it's over 13 bucks you can
ship for free exchange for free send it
back to us with no restock if you just
don't like it find it at revzilla.com
slash icon
there's the icon airframe Pleasure Dome
graphic available revzilla.com slash
icon I'm Anthony we'll see you next time
with the sexy helmet